update deployment faq (#2216)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/02-Deploying/FAQ.md

## What are the MySQL user requirements?

The user `fleet prepare db` (via environment variable `FLEET_MYSQL_USERNAME` or command line flag `--mysql_username=<username>`) uses to interact with the database needs to be able to create, alter, and drop tables as well as the ability to create temporary tables.

## What is duplicate enrollment and how do I fix it?

> Duplicate host enrollment is when more than one host enrolls in Fleet as the same identifier (in osquery terms this is the node key). This can be caused by cloning a VM Image with an already enrolled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Duplicate host enrollment is when more than one host enrolls in Fleet using the same identifier (hardware UUID or osquery generated UUID). This can be caused by cloning a VM Image with an already enrolled
```

The node key is used by the server to identify the host after enrollment, but it's (typically) one of those UUIDs that identifies at enrollment.
